(children cheering)
- Learning to swim is fun.
British Swim School is welcoming all new students
to start their journey in the world of water.
The team of highly trained experts at British Swim School
will show your little fish all the ins and outs
of life in the water,
while also sharing valuable knowledge on water safety.
So is it time for your kids to get their feet wet?
Sign them up now at britishswimschool.com.
That's britishswimschool.com.
British Swim School, make us flash.
Today we take a look at two terrifying households.
First off, we travel to France to meet a woman who swears
that the only way to enter her house
is to walk on your hands.
And then we travel to South Dakota
to meet a young man who's moving into his new apartment.
He quickly realizes that not only is he not alone
in his new abode,
this creature may have sinister implications for us all.
Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
(upbeat music)
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
of Dead Rabbit Radio.
I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
I'm having a great day.
I hope you guys are having a great day too.
I hope you have some cool plans for this weekend coming up.
First off, let's give a shout out to one of our legacy
Patreon supporters coming into Dead Rabbit Command
right now is Devin.
Woohoo, come on in buddy, come on in.
Devin, you're gonna be our captain or pilot this episode.
If you guys can't support the Patreon, I totally get it.
Just help spread the word about the show
that really, really helps out a lot.
I say it every episode 'cause it's true.
You can really help the show grow.
Devin, AKA fellow content creator.
Let's go ahead and toss you the keys to the Jason Jalopy.
We're gonna leave behind Dead Rabbit Command.
We are headed all the way out to Old Timie, France.
(imitates engine revving)
As Devin is driving us out to Old Timie, France,
we're headed back to the early 1900s.
I do wanna say next week is the last week of season 17.
So next week, we're gonna have five episodes
and then I'm taking a two week break.
I'm not gonna do the bonus episodes this week.
I gotta start those up again.
I always talk about 'em.
But that's just 10 more episodes of work
and it's really hard to do the show.
It is a solo podcast.
I don't have anyone else helping me,
except when you guys help me
financially support the show and get the word out.
I don't wanna minimize that,
but the production of the show is just me
and I get burned out and everything like that
and I feel bad I even take two weeks off.
But I gotta take two weeks off every 50 episodes,
that seems fair.
So there will be no bonus episodes.
It'll be two weeks of just Dead Silence
on the Dead Rabbit Radio channel,
but we will be back for season 18
and another 50 episodes of crazy, bizarre, macabre stories.
Like these ones, these ones are really cool
and I'm glad I was able to present these two as a pair.
'Cause I got an interesting hypothesis with this one.
So Devon's driving the old timey Jason Jalopy.
We're wearing old timey clothes.
We got on like the girdles and the big old petticoats
and tiny little umbrellas.
We are walking around Roux de Montréal.
That's in the Saint Margarita district in Paris, France.
So we're walking around and we look dapper.
And we're going to court.
We're going to court.
We stole all these clothes from some old lady.
We're running down the street and we end up in court.
And as we're handcuffed,
sitting in the back of the courtroom,
in walks Madame Berlody.
I'm almost for sure that's not a he pronounced her name.
If my last name was Bloody,
I would definitely change it.
I don't care if my dad was very proud.
The Bloodies helped build this country.
Madame Bloody, she's an elderly woman.
She walks into the local magistrates office.
I don't know if that's the same thing as the court,
but anyways, just roll with it.
Just roll with it like you're a big, bloaty old lady.
She walks into the local magistrates office
and she says, "Listen, you need to help me, sir.
"I am just a simple old woman living at home
"with my son and my brother.
"And it's fine, like everything's going good there, right?
"But one thing that's super weird,
"every time I walk to my house,
"put the key in the door, click, click, clink, clink."
And they open the door.
Eeeeee.
She's making the sound effects too, the magistrates.
Like, I know what a door, I know what you're doing.
You're not doing some sort of audio podcast.
She opens the door.
Eeeeee.
And then, me, this old lady,
I have to get down on my hands and knees,
do a handstand,
and hand walk into my house.
And then I get back on my feet
and I go about my business.
And magistrate is looking at this lady and thinking,
"Dude, she must be seeing now."
Like, "And she must be super limber
"if she can walk on her hands."
And he goes, "Wait, wait, wait, wait."
So you're saying that, like, they make you do that?
Your son and your brothers?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not accusing them of like making me do that.
When I come to my door frame,
I am overcome, it's not even overcome.
I have to walk on my hands.
I can't enter in my house any other way.
The magistrate has the woman detained
because he goes, "She must be nuts."
That's impossible.
There's not any sort of magical force
that will make you walk on your hands.
Maybe a guy with a truncheon, right,
would force an old lady to do this,
but there's not,
so he actually sends an officer out to her house.
And he's like, "Listen, go talk to the son or the brother.
"Figure out what's going on.
"Cause I'm assuming this woman's either insane
"or she's being abused."
So he sends out this dude,
a sergeant, DeVille, to go out there.
And he's greeted there by her son,
and he's a 27-year-old man, he's a bank clerk,
we don't have his name,
we're just assuming it's Bobby Bloaty.
And Bobby goes, "Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no,
"I know why you're probably here, right?"
My mom went to go talk to you about
fixing the whole door thing.
Are you here to like take care of that?
And the officer's like, "Yeah, yeah, what's going on
"with that?" And the son's like, "Dude, this is so weird.
"Every time I try to go into the house, I can't.
"I physically stop at the door frame,
"and then I get down on my hands and knees,
"and I walk on my hands into the house."
And the officer's like, "What in the world is going on here?
"That's impossible."
So they go and they get his uncle,
who we have his name, Paul Rice, this was the brother.
Paul Rice shows up, he's 50 years old,
and he goes, "Oh yeah, yeah, yeah,
"thanks for calling me down, officer."
You're here about the whole walking hands thing,
and the officer's like, "Yeah."
And the brother, Paul goes, "Listen,
"I don't know what this old lady's been telling you,
"or what the son's been telling you,
"but I'm gonna tell you the truth right now.
"Every time I come to the door frame,
"every time I come to the door, I can't enter the house."
And the son's like, "Yeah, that's what I'm saying too."
He's like, "Oh, you're telling him
"about the whole walking on the hand."
Yeah, yeah, that's why we're here.
The uncle goes, "Yeah."
So the officer, the Sergeant DeVille,
takes these two dudes back to the magistrate,
where the mom is currently in detention,
she has like on a little prison jumpsuit,
and they're all standing there,
and they're like, "Yeah, no, this is 100% true.
"We cannot walk into this house
"without walking on our hands."
And Paul Rice goes, "Here, let me show you."
And he gets on all fours in the magistrate's office.
The uncle starts walking around on his hands
in the magistrate's office,
and then the son joins in, he's doing it too,
and then Madame Bloaty, elderly woman,
she's walking around on her hands as well,
and the magistrate goes, "Okay, stop, stop, stop.
"I know what walking on your hands look like,
"but this can't be true."
And they actually summon the concierge for the building.
So the officer brings him before the magistrate,
and the concierge goes, "Listen, dude."
He sees those three,
he sees those three standing in the room,
and he goes, "Okay, you heard what they're saying.
"It sounds insane."
And it is insane, right?
But, the magistrate's like, "Damn it, damn it."
And since he said, "But I know what's coming next,"
the concierge goes, "They complained to me about it.
"I went to their door,
"and I couldn't move inside.
"I couldn't do it."
And then, I got down on all fours,
and I'm incapable of doing a handstand.
It's not something that I can do.
I mean, I don't know who these three gymnasts are,
but I sat there in the doorway,
trying to kick my feet up to do a handstand.
You cannot enter the house on your feet.
This story, as ludicrous as it sounds,
was reported in several newspapers of the time.
We have a publication,
we have The Daily Mail,
which published it on May 1st, back in 1907.
And then, I found The Roanoke Times,
Volume 41, number 120.
They published it on May 19th, 1907.
And they tell this story, and the story ends with
the judge or the magistrate,
they use the right terminology.
The magistrate ordered the house disinfected.
And that's the end of the story.
There's no follow-up to it.
There's no everyone went back to the house,
and they can enter it as normal.
There's no telling us that it worked,
that it didn't work, it just says,
"The magistrate ordered the room disinfected."
It's injurized, here's the thing.
We know, we've talked about this a lot on the show,
old-timey newspapers made a lot of stuff up.
New-timey newspapers make a lot of stuff up.
But old-timey newspapers would publish fiction.
For, I mean, you could call it fiction,
you could call it a lie.
Sometimes they would publish basically tall tales.
And it would get mixed in with these things,
and then you fast forward 100 years,
and they're like, "Oh, look at this article
"about finding giants in Arizona."
It was fake, the story was made up.
We see that a lot in old-timey newspapers.
Well, they will publish stuff that simply didn't happen,
and what also can happen is,
the Daily Mail could have published it,
knowing it was a joke,
and then other newspapers started picking it up.
That happens as well.
And I almost feel like this could be a joke
that's lost in translation,
'cause it just ends with the magistrate saying,
"Have the room disinfected."
And maybe there was some joke or meme going around
at the time that we've totally lost context for.
And if someone of the time in 1907, they read that,
they're like, "Disinfected!
"Ha ha ha ha, oh Mary, come on, look at this article.
"This is so funny,"
'cause the joke would have made sense to them.
Or because we do believe in the paranormal,
or even if you don't,
you're fascinated by the paranormal.
It could be true.
Right, you could have a house that has that type of pull,
that type of hold over someone.
I could not do a handstand
if someone put a gun to my head.
I can't do a handstand.
And I think the story's interesting
because they do have a character
who can't do the handstand.
And there's no magical force
that makes him do the handstand.
He just feels compelled to do it.
But that old lady's doing them, right?
So I mean, they're old ladies more fit than I am.
Fascinating story.
And in the world of paranormal,
this definitely fits the lore, right?
Some sort of compelling force, some sort of command.
And it's not necessarily a verbal command or a threat.
It's a psychic impulse on you.
You can't enter it unless you do X.
So it's a fascinating story.
And the question is, disinfecting help.
What was the disinfecting, right?
What does that mean?
Was there some sort of,
the Roanoke article kind of added a bit of a detail
and said there might have been some strange disease
in the house.
There might have been some fleas
that escaped a flea circus
and they were making everyone do tricks
by biting them at night.
Who knows?
Probably not that one, probably not that one.
But it's just an interesting story about a house
that makes you do something.
We have ghosts that can make you do something.
We have demons that can make you do something.
Both of those in ways of possessing people.
And if a ghost can haunt a house,
why couldn't the ghost have that also effect
on type of people?
It's not something, I say it's in the lore, it makes sense.
It's not something that's super common though,
where people enter a house
where they feel compelled to do something.
However, it is not one of a kind.
It does happen, it's just not super common.
And strap in guys, because that's a pun,
that's a pun you'll understand in a bit.
Strap in because we're about to head to another house
with a far more sinister version of this story.
And a far more recent example as well.
Devon, let's go ahead and toss you the keys
of the carbon helicopter we're leaving behind France.
Waving at these people as they are doing handstands,
waving their feet back at us.
We are leaving behind old timey France.
We're headed all the way out to Aberdeen, South Dakota.
(imitates gunshots)
Recently on the export,
there was a really cool thread about the Midwest area.
What's some creepy weird stuff
that's going on the Midwest of the United States.
So, lot of really cool posts in there.
And there's this one I really wanted to highlight.
Cause it is just terrifying and opens up a whole new avenue
of how our lives can be affected
by the paranormal forces hidden around us.
We're in Aberdeen, South Dakota.
The year is 2002, give or take.
It's somewhere around there.
And there's this young man in the area.
Let's call him John.
And that's just a guess.
If that's, it's a super common name,
but that's your real name.
I'm just shot in the dark there.
And he says, you know, the city of Aberdeen in South Dakota,
it's just full of weirdos, right?
As you're listening to this, you're like, what?
It's full of weirdos.
He says it's one of those towns
that no matter where you go in South Dakota,
whatever, no matter where you go in South Dakota.
If you mention Aberdeen, people go,
uh, people are just kind of like, yeah, that sounds weird.
And every state has that town.
I think every area has that town up where I'm at.
That's Doofers.
Doofers considered a full of a bunch of weirdos.
But I'm starting to my doofers listeners.
He says this town of Aberdeen is just weird.
Now he had a friend who lived in this town
and his friend who lived in Aberdeen
would often have dreams about demons.
And that would just be unsettling to begin with.
I, as much as I spend time in the world paranormal,
I don't often dream about demons.
Shockingly, very little now that I think about it.
It's kind of weird.
He has these dreams.
It's not like I'm like holding a heart shape
filled with a demon on it.
And I'm like, oh, come to me in nighttime,
please, my infernal buddies.
I'm glad, I'm glad that I don't have it.
He dreams about demons and he goes,
so it's not just that I was having dreams about demons.
I'm having dreams that in the basement of my house,
which there is a basement, there's this huge pit.
There's not a pit, there's not a pit in my real basement.
But in the dreams, I will be in the basement
and there's this pit there.
And then I can see demons crawling out of the pit
into our reality.
Whatever, right?
Spooky, spooky dreams.
He goes, I had him every once in a while.
But just dreams.
Well, eventually the house got sold
and the new owners of the house had been there for a bit.
They actually get ahold of him and his family
and they go, hey, you know, we bought this house from you.
Thanks for selling it to us.
But there's been some weird things going on in this house.
You guys have any idea of what they could be?
I don't know if they told the truth.
I don't know if they lied.
They're like, oh no, man, that house is totally dope.
But the new owners also said,
not only has some weird things been happening,
we keep having these weird dreams about the basement.
So that's just a creepy story from the town
of Aberdeen, South Dakota,
but that's not the reason why we're here.
That was just a story.
So if you have a basement, you'll be scared tonight.
The reason why we're here is we are helping John
move into his new apartment.
We're actually watching him, we're not helping.
We're watching John move into his new apartment.
Now his new apartment in Aberdeen used to be an old house,
over a hundred years old,
but it had recently been sectioned off
into three separate apartments.
And what a cool place to live, right?
And John said, my apartment had a standard bedroom.
Like you walk into the entryway for his apartment,
you have a standard bedroom, living area, things like that.
But right when you walk into his apartment,
right off from the entryway was this room.
This room that seemed almost too small
to have any real use, very, very small room
off to the side of the entryway.
And he's moving his stuff in, he's all alone,
moving by himself, putting his stuff in his bedroom,
setting stuff out.
And he goes, I had a very weird vibe,
just moving my stuff in.
And this is the first night he's putting everything away.
And he says, as I'm continuing to get stuff out of my car
and bring it inside,
the weird vibe changed to almost a paranoia.
I felt like someone was watching me.
But you know, new place, right?
Is that something that normally happens
when you move into new apartments?
The overwhelming dread of being watched by the dam.
He doesn't know, maybe it's his first apartment.
As he's putting stuff in his bedroom
and coming back outside to get stuff out of his car
and coming back into his bedroom,
as this process is going on,
at one point he walks out of his bedroom
into the living room and he sees,
sitting there in his living room,
a man in a straight jacket.
The man is staring at John with piercing eyes.
And a huge grin across his face.
John described it as,
it is what you would think a psychotic stare would look like.
It was the very definition of that rictus grin
with wild wide eyes staring directly at you.
John ran out of the living room,
ran out of his apartment, ran out to his car
and drove away trying to make sense
of what that was, right?
He's pretty sure he doesn't have a roommate,
definitely doesn't have a roommate in a straight jacket.
And he drives out to his buddy's house in the area.
This has to have just been like my imagination, right?
I'm getting creeped out, it's a new place.
Maybe I just need some help moving in.
So he talks to his buddy, doesn't tell him anything.
He's like, "Hey, he's all sweat."
He's also in his big peace staying on his pants.
He's like, "Hey buddy, how's it going?
Long time no see."
He's like, "Dude, take a shower and change your pants.
Hey, you wanna come back and help me move stuff in?
You come check out my new place?"
Yeah, sure, let's go do it.
So he picks his friend up, doesn't tell him what he saw
and they both enter the apartment.
John looks, living room's completely empty.
John goes into his bedroom, starts putting stuff away.
His friend's helping him move stuff around
and then all of a sudden from the living room,
he hears his friend screaming at the top of his lungs.
John's in the bedroom and from the living room,
he hears his best friend screaming at the top of his lungs.
John knows exactly what his friend is seeing.
John leaves the bedroom just as his friend
is leaving the apartment running outside.
And John catches up to his friend and goes,
"You saw it, didn't you? You saw it."
Friends like, "Yeah, you knew that was there?
You knew that was there and you invited me over
without telling me?"
I didn't know, like I knew because I saw it,
but that was real, wasn't it?
Yeah, yeah, that was, what was that?
That was some crazy guy in a straight jacket.
Insane look on his face, I know.
So then, this is hilarious and exactly what I would do.
They decide to go get the best friends, little brother,
who I'm assuming is at least an adult, right?
I hope it's not like a 10 year old,
but they decide, listen, we need,
so maybe we're both just losing our minds, right?
Let's go pick up your little brother
and we will tell him there is a phantasm
of an insane man in my new apartment.
Let's just go pick him up, see what he sees.
So they go and they pick up little brother,
he's playing switch, he's like,
wee, Animal Park or whatever that game is,
Animal Farm is so fun.
They're like, come on, dude, come on, Bobby,
let's go to this house.
They're all have gummy worms to try to trick him out.
Come on, come on, yay, I'll go with you guys.
They take the younger brother to the house,
John's driving.
They take the younger brother to the house
and they have not told him anything
about what's in the house.
And when John and his friend walk into the house,
the brother follows them in
and then once he gets into this apartment, he stops.
And then he walks into the small room off the entryway,
he walks into that small room
and wraps his arms tight around his body
and goes, ha ha ha, look at me, look at me, I'm crazy.
(laughing)
And they go, what are you doing?
And he goes, oh, I'm just pretending
I'm in a straight jacket, woo hoo, look at me, I'm crazy.
(laughing)
And his fear is gripping John and his friend.
They ask, why in the world are you acting
like you're in a straight jacket?
And the brother goes, I don't know,
I just, I feel like this is a room
where you would put someone with a straight jacket.
I just, I don't know, look at me, I'm all trapped in here,
let me out, let me out.
John packed his stuff up, broke his lease
and never went back to that apartment.
This was his first night, remember, never went back.
He said like years later, he was talking to his friend
about it and he goes, hey, remember that house
that I got with the crazy guy with the straight jacket
and then your brother started acting
like a crazy guy in a straight jacket
and all that stuff and his friend who will name Kevin.
I didn't give him a name the whole story.
The friend goes, yeah, I can't remember that.
I think we were just tired.
John's like, what?
Kevin's like, I don't want to hit,
I just, I think we were both tired that night
probably just seeing things, not real.
There was no ghosts.
John goes, so you think we were both tired
and we both saw the exact same thing
and I didn't tell you what I saw
but somehow you saw the same thing.
Oh yeah, yeah, just sleepy.
And it's funny 'cause I've encountered that as well.
I've met people who have gone on ghost hunts with me
and we've seen paranormal phenomenon
and that night we talk about it
and weeks later we're talking about it
and then months later, well, maybe it wasn't that.
Well, no dude, we clearly saw something.
I don't know, maybe we were just tired.
It's weird how the human mind
doesn't want to believe in this stuff
'cause it's creepy, right?
Our brains have governors built into them
so we don't see everything that we see
and the things we do see that we're not supposed to see,
we will discard them.
It's very, very interesting.
I've seen that happen too with friends of mine
and it may have even happened to me.
I wouldn't know obviously, right?
If my brain goes, "Ah, I was probably just made up
"and then I stopped remembering it."
But yeah, it's super weird.
I've been on ghost hunts with people
that were really good friends of mine
and they would have seen something
and I brought it up months or a year later
and they're like, "Ah, they'll remember the event."
See, that's what's interesting.
They'll remember the event but they'll remember it as,
oh, I think it was something different.
So now that they go, "Jason, what are you talking about?
"Is that when you were doing all those binadurals?"
No, they remember the event and they remember seeing the thing.
They just have a new, I was just tired.
I just hallucinated the same thing you saw
which really is unlikely.
The thing I love about this story
is it's not just that there was a phantom in the house, right?
It's not just that there was the image
of a man in a straight jacket with a terrifying grin
and crazy eyes, right?
That enough is scary but the fact that the brother,
when he walked in,
became the phantom.
He walked in and instantly felt compelled
to wrap his arms around his body,
walking to this little room and start acting
like he's in a straight jacket.
Now the other two people, Kevin and John,
were walking throughout the apartment
for a period of time before this creature,
this spirit made itself known
but the younger brother immediately
takes on the personality of the lunatic.
Now he goes, there's no history of the house.
He said there was a hospital nearby
but he tried looking at me,
when he was trying to break his lease,
he's probably trying to prove
that it was haunted or something like that.
He goes, he couldn't find anything in the house
that would point to it being haunted
or being used as an insane asylum or something like that
but the kind of implication is that little room
was set up for a man in a straight jacket
and now his spirit is free to roam
but again, not only that,
that it can actually not necessarily possess people
but latch on to certain people
and that person takes those traits.
Did it see the man?
Just felt acting a little crazy
which makes you wonder,
what if it was the younger brother
who moved into this place, right?
And he walks in there and he sees that room
and he goes, oh, I bet you,
I bet you this is where a crazy person would be
and he wrapped his, he's all by himself in this instance
but he's pretending he's wrapped in a straight jacket
for a bit in the room and he's like, ha ha ha,
crazy, crazy times.
Then he goes on and he's unpacking his stuff
and this man is very vulnerable to this spirit
and over time it's not just,
oh, I bet you that room was used
for a guy with a straight jacket.
This dark psychic energy is actually infusing
this young man, driving him crazy.
The other people had enough shielding,
they could at least see it
but this young man when he walked in,
he was instantly vulnerable to this thing.
And Mike and like the story before,
I mean, these are very obvious visualizations
or actions from this.
The first story having to walk in on your hands,
in this story seeing this ghost
and then someone being influenced instantly by the ghost.
I started put together that hypothesis,
like these are obvious things but what about
all the houses that we've lived in,
all the apartments we've been in over the years, right?
Even just visiting someone else's apartment.
Who's to say, and we'll wrap the episode up like this,
with this very dark and dreary ending,
how much of our personalities are us?
How many of our likes and dislikes are vices and addictions?
Our fears and hopes are actually us.
And how many are psychic residue
from a place we visited once?
Or a home we grew up in?
Where a young girl died in a pool back in the 70s
and you moved into that house and you just didn't like swimming.
You just never really could explain it.
I'm not, you know, I'm a goat swimmer and all,
I just don't enjoy swimming.
Or you spend most of your life not being anti-cigarette
but not really being interested in cigarettes either.
And then you're in your mid-20s and you're in a new town
and you find yourself craving a cigarette.
You don't know, you figure, listen,
I work in this new job, I'm in this new town,
I'm super stressed and I saw the movie "Joker"
and it made smoking look really cool.
So I knew I would impress some girls,
so I went and I picked up some cigarettes and,
you know, I am not addicted.
I just smoke casually on the weekends.
But it's just all this other stuff going on in my life.
But it's actually psychic residue
from your new place of residence.
It's interesting 'cause this is actually a belief
of Scientology that there are ingrams
that are connected to you
and we have to wipe those off of ourselves.
And part of being a Scientologist is building up,
I'm gonna bastardize it.
I've had a few Scientology friends in my life
and I'm just kind of putting it together piece by piece.
But it's something that you have to do this cleansing.
You do like the E-meter thing
and you relive the experience over and over again
of this negative thing
you're kind of washing these ingrams off of you
until you become clear, I think,
is the supposed to be the base level of humanity.
And then if you do it more, you can ascend type of thing.
It kind of is aligned with that,
but this leans more into just a paranormal thing.
All of the yesterday we talked about ghosts are everywhere.
This one's kind of the same thing.
This psychic energy is everywhere.
And how much of ourselves is actually ourselves?
One thing that I find very interesting
that my appetites are not my own.
When you fast, you very quickly realize
that a lot of the stuff you love to eat
is actually the stuff your gut biome needs to fuel itself.
It's fascinating, your gut biome sends chemicals
into your body saying we need sugar, we need carbs,
we need sugar, we need carbs.
That's where those cravings come from.
And if you can go, I think it's two or three days
without consuming sugar or carbs,
all of that gut biome dies off.
You'll actually be craving it even more
'cause it's releasing more signals to your brain
'cause they will die.
It's basically an entire civilization in your stomach
that will die if you don't have at least a candy bar
or a donut.
Come on, just eat that donut.
And you have to go three days, basically,
and then all of that dies in your stomach
and your gut biome is now different
and your taste buds are different.
And what you wanna eat is different
until you start eating sugar and carbs again
and that gut biome starts to reappear.
And then the cravings start again.
Those aren't my cravings, those are cravings
that are coming from within my stomach.
An alien life form that's made its home in me,
but it's not me.
And that's explained by science.
We know that from science.
So the question is, when we look at the world
of psychic energy, how many of our phobias
or how many of our addictions
or how many of our attractions,
how many of our desires are actually natively ours?
How many are things attaching themselves to us?
It's a tricky question because there was really
no answer for it, right?
It comes down to who are you as a person?
What is yourself?
And you may think you know you
and you may be very introspective and know you,
but whatever could be inhabiting you
could also be hiding very, very well.
I used extreme examples like picking up a smoking habit
or being afraid of water.
It could be far more simple than that,
far more simple than that.
Doesn't have to be walking on your hands.
Doesn't have to be being crazy in a house.
The world of the paranormal is so fascinating
because there's so many roads we can walk down.
And a lot of those roads are spooky.
Very, very scary and unsettling roads.
And I think this is one of those.
I think this really kind of makes you buy
into this hypothesis that who are you?
When you get angry, is it you?
Or is it some sort of rage energy
that latched onto you many, many years ago?
You think you're in love with a person,
but you don't really understand why.
It doesn't make sense to you why you love them so much.
Maybe you don't.
But some energy, some thought form
attached itself to you around the same time you met them.
Things just seemed to click,
but were you really in control of those decisions?
I talked about on my episode, Solar Plexus Clown Gliders,
how when I was in a courtroom in Sacramento,
for, it was a college class, I had to go to the courtroom,
I saw a King Cobra on the seat next to me.
Wasn't real, but I saw it,
and I saw it uncoil and lunge at me.
And then for the next five years, I suffered from back pain,
which led me to be prescribed 240 Vicodin a month.
(silence)
And I always wondered, I always figured
that that was some sort of psychic energy
that someone had left in that courtroom.
And it had attached itself to me and caused this pain.
It was physical pain, but it was caused
by some sort of psychic entity.
And who knows where that is now, right?
Other than a few bumps and bruises due to being 45 years old,
my back's fine, I didn't need to be on 240 Vicodin a month.
Back in 2003, that's where they were prescribing
for a little bit of back pain.
And my life really started to slide.
'Cause how do you function on that much narcotics, right?
It's a narcotic drug.
You know, I'm doing good, I'm doing great.
There's a lot of people, right?
There's a lot of people who didn't get out of that.
There's a lot of people who got sucked deeper
into that world of painkillers.
I'm very, consider myself very, very lucky.
Blessed, right?
Blessed.
But I do believe that there are entities out there
that can latch on to us.
And I do believe that it may not be the cause
of all of our vices and all of our passions.
I do believe that these things are out there.
I've talked about it before.
I call them psychic landmines.
A thousand people could walk back and forth
across one of these things and it never do anything.
And a hundred people could walk by
and get a weird feeling, right?
Something feels off in this area.
They don't wanna be here, it's creepy.
But maybe three or four people walk across that thing
and that landmine goes off.
That spirit, that demon, that archon,
whatever you wanna call it, springs to life,
latches on and takes you for one hell of a ride.
The world of the paranormal is fascinating and terrifying
because it can go from being a spooky story
to a life-changing event like that.
And you never know what side you're gonna be on.
Are you gonna be the person just listening to the story
on Dead Rabbit Radio?
Or are you going to be the person
whose life slowly descends into a living hell
simply because you moved into the wrong apartment?
(upbeat music)
DeadRabbitRadio, gmail.com is gonna be our email address.
You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabbitradio.
TikTok is @deadrabbitradio.
DeadRabbitRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
and true crime podcast.
You don't have to listen to it every day.
We're glad you listened to it today.
Have a great weekend, guys.
(upbeat music)